# Project 1: Software Requirements Specification Document

This serves as a template for each projects' Software Requirements Specification (SRS) document. When filling this out, you will be required to create user stories, use cases, requirements, and a glossary of terms relevant to your project. Each group member must contribute to every section, so it is crucial that your group's GitHub repository shows a commit history that reflects the work of each group member. It is highly recommended that you create separate branches for each member, but since this is one single document, you will need to manually merge the branches together. It is also advisable to have multiple working versions of this document (named separately) so that one person can compile the final SRS document from the multiple working versions. Ultimately, how you go about managing this is up to you, but consistent formatting, clear commit messages, and a thorough commit history with contributions from each group member are required.

Fill the document out following the guidelines listed in each section. Maintain [proper Markdown syntax](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/).

## Group Members

- [Jacob Blanton](mailto:jblant25@uncc.edu)
- [Daniel Blanton](mmailto:dblant13@uncc.edu)
- [Nathan Johnson](mmailto:njohns89@uncc.edu)
- [Name](mmailto:email@uncc.edu)

## Revisions

When a change is made to the document, a new revision should be created. The revision should be added to the table below with all information filled out.

| Version | Date | Description | Author | Reviewed By |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1.0 | 03/22/23 | Initial draft | [David Gary](mailto:dgary9@uncc.edu) | [David Gary](mailto:dgary@uncc.edu) |
| 1.001 | 07/14/23 | Complete my sections | [Jacob Blanton](mailto:jblant25@uncc.edu) | [Daniel Blanton](mailto:dblant13@uncc.edu) |
| 1.002 | 07/16/23 | finishing my sections | [Daniel Blanton](mailto:dblant13@uncc.edu) | [Jacob Blanton](mailto:jblant25@uncc.edu) |
| 1.003 | 07/17/23 | My sections | [Nathan Johnson](mailto:njohns89@uncc.edu) | [Jacob Blanton](mailto:jblant25@uncc.edu) |
## Table of Contents

1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Requirements](#requirements)
3. [Constraints](#constraints)
4. [Use Cases](#use-cases)
5. [User Stories](#user-stories)
6. [Glossary](#glossary)

## Introduction

The Software system that our team will be building is an online store where users can buy custom computers. Many people have certain needs and wants for their computers that very few places are able adequately support. Many places have either high end models which cost users thounsands of dollars or lower end models which don't perform well enough for most people. We want our users to be able to easily build the computer that they want for a much more affordable price. We see our stakeholders as people who have computer needs that go beyond your typical low end computer but still less than a fully decked out high end model. They need the right guidance to be able to build their computer so that it can fit their needs. Not everyone needs an expensive and modern graphics card but many people want a reliable machine that is consistently fast. Our plan is that our online store will be able to help individuals find exactly what they need for their specific computer needs.

## Requirements

Each group member must supply at least three functional requirements for the project. Each requirement should be written in the following format:

- **JBREQ-1:**
  - **Description:** The system must be able to calculate purchases and totals at the checkout
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 1
  - **Rationale:** If the shop is unable to calculate total pricing then it is a failure at it's most basic function
  - **Testing:** adding an item to a cart and heading to checkout should display the total price of your purchases

  
- **JBREQ-2:**
  - **Description:** The system must be able to display and apply accurate calculate sales tax on items
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 2
  - **Rationale:** If the shop is unable to calculate and apply sales tax it will come as a major loss for the company.
  - **Testing:** Adding an item to a cart and heading to checkout should display an accurate price with the sales tax added on top of it.

- **JBREQ-3:**
  - **Description:** The system must be able to add items to a cart
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 2
  - **Rationale:** The shopping cart function will allow users to purchase more than one item at a time which ideal for most online shops
  - **Testing:** When clicking the add to cat option you should be able to view your cart and see the item you added to it
- **DBREQ-1:**
  - **Description:** The system must be able to remove items to a cart
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 2
  - **Rationale:** The remove from shopping cart function will allow users to take away one item at a time they no longer want this ideal for most online shoping
  - **Testing:** When clicking the remove from cart option you should see your cart and see the item you had in it is gone
- **DBREQ-2:**
  - **Description:** The system must be able to veiw items 
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 1
  - **Rationale:** the view feature allows users to see the item they are purchassing if sellers have an image of it
  - **Testing:** When clicking the view Item option the image of there desired item will appear for viewing
- **DBREQ-3:**
  - **Description:** The system must be able to report items 
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 3
  - **Rationale:** the report feature allows users to report any item that is inappropiate to be sold 
  - **Testing:** When clicking the report Item option the user can select a few options for resons and then submit the report
- **NJREQ-1:**
  - **Description:** The system must be able to restock items that can be purchased.
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 3
  - **Rationale:** The restock feature will allow any admin to restock items that can be purchased by other users.
  - **Testing:** When clicking the restock option, it will give all the existing options within the store to restock.
- **NJREQ-2:**
  - **Description:** The system should have a membership feature.
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 2
  - **Rationale:** The membership feature will allow members (can be a monthly fee) to get discounts on various types of items based on their membership.
  - **Testing:** When purchasing an item, you can enter your name and the system can determine whether you are a member or not and can add the discounts if needed.
- **NJREQ-3:**
  - **Description:** The system should be able to have random sales on items (BOGO free, 50% off if you buy 2, etc).
  - **Type:** Functional
  - **Priority:** 1
  - **Rationale:** The function could randomly select a deal from a small pool of deals and apply it to a singular item or set of items.
  - **Testing:** When shopping, certain items can have 50% off tags, or numerous items may have a BOGO free/half-off tag.
- **ID:** A unique identifier for the requirement. This should be a number that is unique across the entire document (something like REQ-1, REQ-2, etc. but be sure to replace the word `ID` with the unique identifier).
  - **Description:** A short description of the requirement. This should be a single sentence that describes the requirement.
  - **Type:** The type of requirement. Should be either `Functional` or `Non-Functional`.
  - **Priority:** The priority of the requirement. This should be a number between 1 and 5, with 1 being the highest priority and 5 being the lowest priority.
  - **Rationale:** A short description of why the requirement is important. This should be a single sentence that describes why the requirement is important.
  - **Testing:** A short description of how the requirement can be tested. This should be a single sentence that describes how the requirement can be tested.

## Constraints

In this section, you should list any constraints that you have for the project. Each group member must supply at least two constraints. These can be constraints on the project itself, the software system, or the stakeholders. Constraints can be anything that limits the scope of the project. For example, that this project's template code is written using Flask and Python constitutes a constraint on the backend of the project. Constraints can also be things like the required timeline of the project. Be creative.

JBConstraint 1: The items in this website will only shipped around the US as we do not plan on supplying international shipping at this time. This will affect shipping and tax the most.
JbConstraint 2: The website will be limited to the english language so those without acces to a translation tool who do not speak English will have a more difficult time using the website.

## Use Cases

In this section, you should list use cases for the project. Use cases are a thorough description of how the system will be used. Each group member must supply at least two use cases. Each use case should be written in the following format:

- **JBUC-1:** 
  - **Description:** A customer wants to add an item to their cart
  - **Actors:** The only actor will be a customer
  - **Preconditions:** 
      - The customer must have created an account on our website 
      - The customer must have an idea of what Item they would like to add to their cart
      - The customer must click add to cart on the item they wish to purchase
  - **Postconditions:** 
      - The Customer must be able to go to their cart and find that their item is there
      - The item must also appear once the user goes to checkout

- **JBUC-2:** 
  - **Description:** A customer wants to remove an item from their cart
  - **Actors:** The only actor will be a customer
  - **Preconditions:** 
      - The customer must have created an account on our website 
      - The customer must have an idea of what Item they would like to remove to their cart
      - The customer must click remove from cart on the item they wish to get rid of
  - **Postconditions:** 
      - The Customer must be able to go to their cart and find that their item is no longer in their cat
      - The item must also not appear once the user goes to checkout so that they are not falsely charged
- **DBUC-1:** 
  - **Description:** A customer wants to view an item 
  - **Actors:** The only actor will be a customer
  - **Preconditions:** 
      - The customer must have created an account on our website 
      - The customer must have an item they want to view
      - The customer must click view on the item they wish to see
  - **Postconditions:** 
      - The Customer must be able to see the finish viewing option to leave the image
      - The item must appear for the user to view and dissapear when finished
- **DBUC-2:** 
  - **Description:** A customer wants to report an item 
  - **Actors:** The only actor will be a customer
  - **Preconditions:** 
      - The customer must have created an account on our website 
      - The customer must have an item they want to report
      - The customer must click report on the item and report it for a reason
  - **Postconditions:** 
      - The Customer must be able to click the submit report option to finish reporting the iteam
- **NJUC-1:** 
  - **Description:** An employee wants to restock an item
  - **Actors:** The only actor will be an employee
  - **Preconditions:** 
      - The employee must work for the store
      - The employee must know the login credentials for the system
      - The employee must know how to restock an item
  - **Postconditions:** 
      - The employee must know how to exit the restock menu
      - The employee must logout of the system.
- **NJUC-2:** 
  - **Description:** A customer wants to join our membership program
  - **Actors:** The only actor will be a customer
  - **Preconditions:** 
      - The customer must have an already existing account
      - The customer must have a payment method setup
      - The customer must go to our membership page
  - **Postconditions:** 
      - The customer will now have access to numerous deals/discounts, along with early-bird specials.
      

- **ID:** A unique identifier for the use case. This should be a number that is unique across the entire document (something like UC-1, UC-2, etc. but be sure to replace the word `ID` with the unique identifier).
  - **Description:** A description of the use case that gives the user a high-level overview of how the system is interacted with.
  - **Actors:** A list of the actors that are involved in the use case. Only include the actors that are directly involved. Actors are the people or things that interact with the system. For example, when ordering at a fast food restaurant, one might have the following actors: the customer, the cashier, and the cook. But only the customer and the cashier are directly involved in the use case of ordering food. The cook is not directly involved in the use case of ordering food.
  - **Preconditions:** A list of the preconditions for the use case. This should be a list of the preconditions for the use case, which are the conditions that must be met before the use case can be executed. Continuing with the restaurant example, the customer must have money in their wallet and the cashier must be logged in to the system before the use case of ordering food can be executed.
  - **Postconditions:** A list of the postconditions for the use case. This should be a list of the postconditions for the use case, which are the conditions that must be met after the use case has been executed. Continuing with the restaurant example, the customer must have their food and the cashier must have the customer's money after the use case of ordering food has been executed.

## User Stories

In this section, you should list user stories for the project. User stories are a short description of how a user will be interacting with the system. Each group member must supply at least two user stories. Each user story should be written in the following format:

- **JBUS1:** 
  - **Type of User:** Customer.
  - **Description:** I am a user looking for an online shopping website to purchase a computer with certain specifications. I plan on buying online because too often you can only find prebuilt computers at local retailers which don't fit my needs. I want a high performance computer with impressive graphics capabilities. I was recently reccomended this online shop by a friend who has used it before. Once I create an account and purchase a computer with my specifications I expect it to arrive as requested and the money I purchased it with to be taken out of my account.

   **JBUS2:** 
  - **Type of User:** Admin.
  - **Description:** I am an Admin of the online Shopping website looking to add an item to the sites inventory. I plan to do this by logging in with my Super User account and adding an item by filling out the correct fields. I want to do this in order to provide a broader list of items for our customers to purchase. Once the item is added I expext for users to be able to view, customize, and purchase the item
- **DBUS1:** 
  - **Type of User:** Customer.
  - **Description:** I am a user looking for an online shopping website so I can purchase Christmas presents for my family. I have used other online services in the past, but they always have exorbitant prices on their items especially when it comes to electronics. I have a limited amount of money I can spend this year and I was recommended this website by a friend. They informed me that this website had all the items I could need at good prices. I expect to find all items I will need for this Christmas.
- **DBUS2:** 
  - **Type of User:** Admin.
  - **Description:** I am an admin of this online website, and I am looking to take out an inappropriate item that has been reported many times now. I need to log in with my Super User account and search for the item in question. Once I have located it I will remove the item from our website and email the seller of our decision.
- **NJUS1:** 
  - **Type of User:** Customer
  - **Description:** I have been to numerous grocery stores over the years and have tried to find the best deals possible. The membership programs these other stores offer often have very specific deals that don't apply to anyone I know, or they just offer generic discounts with no real insentive to buy anything in bulk. However, when I was recommended this online store and their membership program, I was blown away by the amount of worthy discounts and bulk deals they have to offer. Since then, I haven't looked back!
- **NJUS2:** 
  - **Type of User:** Admin
  - **Description:** I am a manager of this online store, I may also be called an admin. There are a few items that customers have been calling and asking about non-stop, but we don't seem to have any in stock. I can login with my Super User account, locate the item that is out-of-stock in our database, and simply request a specific amount to be added to our store.

  
- **ID:** A unique identifier for the user story. This should be a number that is unique across the entire document (something like US-1, US-2, etc. but be sure to replace the word `ID` with the unique identifier).
  - **Type of User:** The type of user that the user story is for. This should be a single word that describes the type of user. For example, a user story for a customer might be `Customer` and a user story for an administrator might be `Admin`.
  - **Description:** A description of the user story that gives a narrative from that user's perspective. This can be any length, but it must paint the picture of what the user wants to do, how they intend to do it, why they want to, and what they expect to happen.

## Glossary

In this section, you should list any terms that are used in the document that may not be immediately obvious to a naive reader. Each group member must supply at least one term. Each term should be written in the following format:

- **Super User Account:** 
  - **Definition:** This is an adminstrator account which allows someone, with proper clearance, to change and modify aspects of the website normal users aren't able to interact with.
- **Exorbitant price:** 
  - **Definition:** This is an obserdly high price placed on an item of lower value.
- **BOGO:**
  - **Definition:** This is an acronym for a specific kind of deal in which you buy one item and get another item at a different, often cheaper, price (Buy One, Get One).

- **Term:** The term that is being defined. This should be a single word or phrase that is being defined.
  - **Definition:** A definition of the term. This should be a short description of the term that is being defined. This should be a single sentence that describes the term.

Try to only list terms that a naive user would not understand.

## Submission Details

- On Canvas, submit the following:
  - The URL to your group's GitHub repository, with the latest version of your code pushed to the `main` branch.
